Look, I was going to go easy on you, not to hurt your feelings,
but I'm only going to get this one chance.
Something's wrong. I can feel it. It's just a
feeling I've got, like something's about to happen,
but I don't know what. If that means what I think it means, we're in
trouble. Big trouble. Enemy is bananas, as you say.
I'm not taking any chances. You just want to die. I'm beginning
to feel like a rap God Rap God all my people from the
front to the back not now. Who thinks that arms are long enough
to slap box, slap box? They said I rap like a robot so call me
rap bot but for me to rap like a computer must be in my jeans
I got a laptop in my back pocket My pinnacle walk when I hap cock
it got a fat knot from that rap prophet made a living and a killing
off it. Ever since Bill Clinton was still in office With Monica Lewinsky filling on
his nutsack I'm an mc, still is honest but as rude and is indecent as
all hell syllables killaholic, killer maulic this liberty gibbety hippity hip
hop. You don't really want to get into a pissing mats with the trappity rat
pack and a Mac in the back of the yak backpack. Rap rap, yap yap
gap could he yak nap the exact same time I attempt these lyrical acrobats While
I'm practicing that'll still be able to break a motherfucking table over the back of
a couple of faggots and crack it in half. Only realized it was ironic I
was under aftermath after the fact how could I not blow? All I do is
drop F bombs Feel my wrath of attack rappers I have in a rough time
period. Here's a maxi pad it's actually disastrously bad for the whack While the masterfully
constructing this masterpiece I'm beginning to feel like a rap God,
Rap God all my people from the front to the back, nah back,
nah nah. Who thinks their arms are long enough to slap box, slap box
Let me show you maintaining this shit ain't that hard, that hard.
Everybody wants a key and a secret to rapping like I have got well to
be true for the blueprints Simply raging youthful exuberance Everybody loves the root
for a nuisance Hit the earth like an asteroid made nothing but shoot for the
moon. Since MCs get taken to school with this music Cause I use it as
a vehicle to bust the rhyme Yeah, I lead a new school full of students.
Me, I'm a product of Rakim, lakhm, shabazz,
tupac'n waq hey.wrin Yella easy. Thank you. They got
Slim inspired enough to one day grow up, blow up and be in a position
to meet Run dmc, induct him into the motherfuckin Rockin Roll
hall of Fame. Even though I walk into church in person A ball of flames
only hall of fame I'll be inducted is the alcohol of fame on the wall
of shame you facts think it's all a game Till I walk a flock of
flames off a planking Tell me what in the fuck are you thinking?
Little gay looking boy so gay I can barely say it with a straight face
Looking boy youy witnessing a massacre like you're watching a church gathering take place Looking
boy Boy Ray, that boy's gay that's all they say Looking boy you
get a thumbs up, pat on the back and a way to go from your
label every day Looking boy Hey lookin boy what you say? Lookin boy I get
a hell yeah from Trey Looking boy Imma work for everything I have never asked
nobody for shit get out my face Looking boy Basically boy you're never gonna be
capable of keeping up with the same pace like a boy Cause I'm beginning to
feel like a rap God Rap God all my people from the
front to the back no back now the way I'm racing around the track Call
me NASCAR nascar Nail and heart of the trailer park the white
trash guard Kneel before General Zod this plan is Krypton no,
Asgard Asgard so you be Thorin, I'll be Odin be Rodin
I'm omnipotent let off then I'm reloading immediately with these bombs
I'm totin'and I should not be woken I'm the walking dead but I'm just
a talkin head A zombie floatin'but I got your mom deep throatin'I'm out
my ramen noodle we have nothing in common Poodle, I'm a Doberman
Pinch yourself in the yarn and pay homage Pupil, it's me My
honesty's brutal but it's honestly futile if I don't utilize what I do
though for good at least once in a while. So I wanna make sure somewhere
in this chicken scratch I scribble and doodle enough rhymes to maybe try to help
get some people through tough times But I gotta keep a few punchlines just in
case Cause even you Unsigned rappers are hungry looking at me like it's lunchtime.
I know there was a time where once I was king of the underground But
I still rap like I'm on my pharaoh munch grind so I crunch rhymes but
sometimes when you combine appear with the skin color off mine you get too big
and here trying to censor you like that one line I said on back
from the Mathers LP one when I tried to say I'll take seven kids from
Columbine put them all in a line at an AK47 they're revolver and
unknown See if I get away with it now that I ain't as big as
I was But I'm morphin into an immortal coming through the portal.
You're stuck in a time war from 2004 though and I don't know what the
fuck did you time for? You're pointless as Rapunzel with fucking corn
roti like normal for being normal Then I just bought a new ray
gun from the future just to come and shoot ya like ring fabbit has made
Ray J mad his fat said he looked like a faggot and they wear his
pads he went to a man oh man that was a 247
special on the cable channel so AJ went straight to the radio station the
very next day. Hey fab imma kill you lyrics coming at you with supersonic speed
Ah summer llama duma llama you Assuming I'm a human what I gotta do to
get it through to you? I'm superhuman, innovative and I made a rubber so that
anything you say is biggest shanging off of me and it'll gloomy you and devastating
more than ever Demonstrating how to give a motherfucker audience I feeling like it's levitating
never fading and I know the haters are forever waiting for the day to think
I say I fell up they'll be celebrating cause I know the way to get
him motivated I make elevating music. You make elevator music oh he's too mainstream
well that's what they do when they get jealous, they confuse it it's not hip
hop it' cause I found a hella way to fuse it with rock shock
rap with da don't wanna lose yourself I make em lose it. I don't know
how to make songs like that I don't know what words to use. Let me
know when it occurs to you While I'm ripping any one of these verses that
verses you it's curtains I'm inadvertently hurting you how many verses I gotta murder to
prove that if you were half as nice as songs you could sacrifice virgins to.
Uh, school flunky pill junkie but look at the accolades
he skills brung me Full of myself but still hungry I bully
myself cause I make me do what I put my mind to When I'm a
million leagues above ill When I speak in tongues but it's still
tong cheek Fuck you, I'm drunk Satan, take the fucking wheel.
I'm gonna sleep in the front. Pumping heavy D in the voice still chunky
but funky but in my head there's something I can feel tugging
and struggling Angels fight with devils and here's what they want
from me they're asking me to eliminate some other women hate but if you take
into consideration the bit of hatred I have then you may be a little patient
and more sympathetic to the situation and understand the discrimination but
fuck it, life's hand in your limits. Make lemonade then. But if I can't batter
the women how the fuck am I supposed to bake them a cake then?
Don't mistake if it's a shake it's a fatal mistake if you think I need
to be overseas and take a vacation to trip abroad and make a fall on
the face and don't be a retard, be a king, think not why
be a king when you can be a God.